owes more endurance than supervisors ooh
what has more bite than jaws to what
packs more punch than lucky breathe we
What's Up duck its Bugs Bunny's third
movie a thousand and one rabbit tails
this movie sequel wash glue Abbas sons
bunny is back in a brand-new movie he's
up to his old tricks and he's got some
new tricks up his sleeve when he's owned
captive by a story lovin' Sultan now you
only got a thousand more tales to tell
him it's all fairy tale fun and
excitement when bugs Daffy and your
favorite Warner Brothers cartoon
characters put a new twist on some
lovable tales
oh that i tawt I taw buddies
what I name is hos awesome sufferin
succotash somebody's been eating my
porridge
no looking for Snow White is here's the
story of Hansel or Gretel so if you're
looking for unbeatable labs stupendous
action and out-of-this-world adventure
you'll find it all here in Bugs Bunny's
third movie a thousand and one rabbit
tails
it's the best of the Warner Brothers
classic cartoons along with some new
cartoons and featuring everybody's
favorite characters so join bugs and the
whole gang as they prove fairy tales do
come true
Bugs Bunny's third movie a thousand and
one rabbit tales that legend marches on
you don't haven't have any fun and oil
on you